we drove down here hey I mean first time
we haven't had to pay dirt old across
the bridge I saw I missed it really cuz
I still like throwing the coins in the
basket you know it's a little bit like a
sumo wrestler with saying I tell you
what it's a cracking motor Indian force
right there Marina Tony their service is
just part of a choice phenomenal oh no
haste in mind no no no it's been
obviously only a fool it stopped it has
to shave Li you sensational I'm Ali
dilemma in the Earth's climate services
that we was on the m6 near was it near
Stoke we went to Richard 60th oh I can't
remember the name but I remember the
sandwich egg and Christmas fresh as the
day it was born I could still test it
now nuts but that was it well I like
member love memory insane any member and
I'll tell you for why I arranged to meet
my friend Paul there you know Paul we
became friends on Instagram and we said
we'd meet at 12:12 I arrived no sign of
Paul he's had trouble with his car and
he feels so terrible about it but he
sends his sister Jenny to keep me
company in his place where you would
have loved Chevy
oh she was fantastic anyway that day
she's lost her wallet and on top of that
she's dropped her phone needs a new case
well that's the beauty of memory they've
got a phone shop right there on the
concourse so I bought her a case got to
some lunch we were there six hours all
told I had enough
they're dead now Paul and Jenny very sad
and I would have gone to the funeral if
they'd had one but their religion
forbids it they just wanted donations to
a charity
set up in pearls name which I still
donate to ten pounds every month Nick
[Music]
boots whatever drink yeah yeah just a
water for me god I've hardly touched
just hovering you know it's Christmas
Eve
yeah and you'll have an arches and
lemonade whether you like it or not
[Music]
you